Yeah
Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
On today's episode, Carter and Miles Thompson, Kylie Young, Claire Weber, Jacob Thorpe, and Jenna Morris will be reading Psalm 145 as part of our Psalms Project journey.
journey.
We're going to be reading Psalm 145.
I don't use my
Draw the king.
And bless your name forever and ever. I will bless you every day.
I will praise your name forever and ever.
The Lord is great in highly praise. His greatness is
His greatness is
Unsearchable
One
Generation generation will declare
You...
Your works
Next
And I will...
First claim you
You mighty axe.
You're an idx
Ice feet of your cylinder and
Fluorine
Worryness. Majesty, you're wonderful works.
Date, presclaim the power of.
I'm us in smear sparing
Excellent.
I will declare your greatness.
Say, well,
Testimony
Just
It's a moment of great goodness.
And joyful sing
Of your righteousness
The Lord is...
Your glorious and compassion is good.
Slowly
To anger and great and flawless love.
The word is good to everyone. His compassion rests on all people.
He has made
All you have
Made will thank you lord
They
Faithful who was you
They will speak of the glory of God.
Of your kingdom
And will declare your might
Informing all people
Of your might that
Mighty X.
And of the blue one
Glory to splendor
Uh, your kingdom.
Your kingdom is the everlasting kingdom. Your rule is for all generations.
The Lord is faithful in all his words and gracious in all his actions
The Lord helps all who fall.
He raised up all who are oppressed.
All eyes look to you.
And you give them their food at the top
Proper time
You open your hands and satisfy the desire of every living thing.
Fish
The Lord is righteous in all his ways and faithful in all in his acts. The Lord is near all who call out to him.
All who call out to him with indignity.
He fulfills the desires of those who fear him. He hears their cry for help and saves them. The Lord guards all those who love him, but he destroys them.
Glory is all the wicked. My mouth will declare the Lord's praise. Let everything live living in.
saying, bless his holy name forever and ever.
So this psalm is all about praise.
We should be praising God all the time.
Every part of our day we should be praising the name of Jesus and the things that he has done.
So my challenge for you today and our challenge for you today after hearing this song is
Is to really spend your day praising god.
How much of your day is spent praising God?
What is an attribute of God?
That you can praise him for today.
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast. Thank you.